This was it: the moment we had been waiting for. For the past few years, my team and I at ArcAI had been building Project Snowflake. Yes, *the* ArcAI from New Rollinsport that builds business solutions with machine learning. The kind of machine learning to classify buildings with as little data as possible.

The release couldn't have been sooner; we had been waiting for such a long time. And here we are, finally releasing it to the entire world. No hitches, no calls for hotfixes; it couldn't have been better. The entire engineering department joins us in celebration. Everyone's hugging each other, screaming, crying in pure joy... The long journey to bring us here is finally over.

The woman next to me raises her coffee mug before taking a sip. That woman is Katorin, the engineer responsible for the heavy lifting of Project Snowflake. She made the machine learning models and all the inner bits that made the app function. The former Catalina City resident couldn't be ever more gracious, especially today. Behind those blue-light filter glasses is one of the most energetic and passionate personalities I have ever met.

Katorin: "Hey, uh, [Player], you're 'drifting' again..."
Player: "Am I? My bad."
Katorin: "Well, lads, we've finally done it. Snowflake has sailed."
Player: "Yeah, thanks to you and everyone else here!"
Katorin: "And thankfully it hasn't gone down in flames yet."
Katorin: "I think that's a first for this company."
Player: "Maybe the second."
Katorin: "Really?"
Player: "I think so."
Katorin: "Ah, well, it's rare enough to be noteworthy. To the team!"

She raises her mug again to toast, and we soon follow.

Player: "So what happens now?"
Katorin: "Project wise? No idea."
Katorin: "Later tonight, however..."
Player: "Ah, that's right, you're gonna take me to that bar."
Katorin: "You know it!"
Player: "I don't suppose John is joining us?"
Katorin: "Ah, unfortunately not; John has some personal matters to tend to."
Player: "What a shame, but understandable."
Player: "Remind me again what makes this bar special."
Katorin: "You'll see."
Player: "... right, okay."

---

> Context: This part takes place hours after the first scene, following a fade to black.
> 

The bar seems packed tonight. I'm not sure if that's because I'm seeing a lot of my colleagues here or because of the upcoming performance. Then again, I've never really been a drinker, and I've never been here before. I take a sip from my glass.

Katorin: "Not much of a drinker, are ya?"
Player: "Not really."

Katorin chuckles.

Katorin: "I could tell. Here, I'm gonna get you something better than whatever the hell this is."

She takes my glass and walks up to the bartender. I slouch in my chair a little as I watch the opening band. They aren't particularly notable; in fact, I'm sure they may have had only a couple of gigs. They sound a bit dry for me. Thankfully, I don't have to focus on them much longer... Katorin comes back with a new glass in her hand.

Katorin: "As long as you don't down this in one go, you should be fine."
Katorin: "Given your... pace... for drinking, this should give you a good buzz."
Player: "Thanks."
Katorin: "I guess the opening band here didn't get off to a good start."
Player: "Well, they do sound a little dry..."
Katorin: "Can't really expect much now, can ya?"
Player: "I suppose."
Katorin: "Well, the next guys are definitely gonna set the bar pretty high."
Player: "Are there two opening bands?"
Katorin: "*stifles laugh* No, of course not."
Player: "Ah."

I take a sip from the glass, completely surprised by the rush and taste. Katorin cackles.


- (Choice)
    - "I wasn't ready for that."
        - Katorin: "Well, I can clearly see that!"
        - Katorin: "Good to see you let loose a little, though."
    - "This stuff's strong!"
        - Katorin: "The strongest they have."
        - Katorin: "There's a reason why I told you not to down the glass."
        - Player: "I only took a sip..."
        - Katorin: "Exactly."
    - "Do you drink this regularly?"
        - Katorin: "No, why would I want to have one 'knock me the frick out'?"
        - Player: "Why would you even give it to me?"
        - Katorin: "Jeez, [Player], live a little!"

I hear clapping suddenly and take a look on stage. Without realizing it, the opening band finished. I sheepishly join the round of applause and blush.

Katorin: "Haha, you missed the last song."
Player: "Shut up, you..."

Katorin giggles. I sigh and take another sip, watching as the opening band walks offstage. "Everybody Wants to Rule the World" plays on a loudspeaker. The whine from the loudspeaker seems a lot more amplified after taking a couple of drinks. I hate it.

Katorin: "Better not miss the next band."
Player: "I'm not going anywhere, Katorin."
Katorin: "Okay, just making sure! It seems like you have an allergic reaction to whatever's playing on the loudspeaker."
Player: "The loudspeaker sounds very whiny. Doesn't matter what song is playing."
Katorin: "I guess they haven't fixed it yet, then."
Player: "Wonderful. The drinks certainly aren't helping."
Katorin: "The next band's gonna run up on stage at any moment. You'll be spared."
Player: "Thank goodness."

I lean back in my chair and look at the stage when the loudspeaker cuts out. Three people wearing animal costumes come up on stage with instruments. Katorin loudly cheers the band on, nearly startling me out of my seat. I awkwardly clap loudly to contribute. The band sets up their instruments, performs a couple of sound checks, and quickly discusses amongst each other. Eventually, one of the members steps towards the microphone. Their costume, which closely resembled a coyote, was extremely detailed and felt uncannily close to the real thing. Of course, some human traits remain, such the long hair, clothing, and even shoes.

???: "Hellooooo, everyone!"

I can't tell what surprises me more: the incredibly detailed mouth movements of the mask, or her voice. I break out of the trance of scrutiny almost immediately when Katorin cheers. Likewise, I join in, trying to act natural. As the coyote keeps talking, I lose myself in my thoughts. Her voice is somewhat jarring, yet soothing at the same time. Katorin leans closer to me and whispers.

Katorin: "You see something you like up there?"
Player: "Eh?"
Katorin: "I'm teasing. No one's able to take their eyes off of Chelsea."
Player: "I... can see why."

*Chelsea...* that's an interesting name. I glance around at the other band members to keep my mind off of her. They weren't necessarily as creative with their costumes, unfortunately. Just some face paint and cat ears...

Thankfully, I didn't have to look too long. The band readies their instruments and jumps right into their first number for the night. They sound really similar to a lot of the eighties and new age bands of the time. Between the chords and Chelsea's on-point singing, they capture the vibe really well. I take another sip from my glass as Katorin shakes her head to the beat of the music. The rest of the bar is jamming along to the beat as well. I slightly bob my head to the music, too.

The band plays a couple more songs with various lyrics, themes, and styles. Everyone's enjoying the music and getting completely slammed. I can start to feel the effects of my drink the further I go into the night. Tonight couldn't go any more smoothly.

Chelsea looks in our general direction, spots Katorin, and waves slightly. I nod my head in acknowledgement. She sings a couple more lines before glancing at me, realizing that Katorin's not alone this time. Or so I think; her eyes change in demeanor for just a brief moment. It's hard to discern exactly what she's thinking; she's an excellent performer. I take another sip from my glass and dismiss the thought.

The band keeps performing for a few more songs; before I know it, the gig's already over. The members say their goodbyes and thank-yous before walking offstage for the night. Everyone cheers in unison, myself included. Katorin nudges me to get out of my chair.

Katorin: "Alright, up you go, [Player]! I got a surprise for you."
Player: "A surprise? Oh, my..."

I'm not confident in Katorin's surprises. More often than not, they end up becoming embarrassing moments for me.

Player: "You better not have me take off my pants or something."
Katorin: "Pfft, it's not *that* kind of surprise, [Player]."

Hmm, at least she admits it. I get up from the chair and walk with her backstage. The drink starts to wear off.

Player: "Why are we heading backstage?"
Katorin: "You'll see!"
Player: "Whatever it is, I'm not going on stage. At all."
Katorin: "You're funny, [Player]."

I follow her all the way to the back, where two of the band members are. I can overhear their conversation.

???: "That was a night, wasn't it?"
???: "Sure was, Jordan! I don't think I've ever seen the crowd get as wild as they did tonight."
Jordan: "Yeah. And no surprise that Katy was there."
???: "Looks like she brought a boyfriend, too."
Jordan: "Ben, that's probably just a colleague of hers or something."
Ben: "I know, I'm just teasing..."

Katorin steps forward.

Katorin: "So, you think I'd date this absolute chad right here?"

She waves her hand and points at me.

Ben: "Well, speak of the devil herself."

One of the members, Ben, walks over towards Katorin and braces for a hug.

Ben: "Did you enjoy yourself tonight? I hope we put on a good show for ya."
Katorin: "Absolutely blew it out of the park as always, Ben."
Ben: "So, who's this guy that you brought with you?"
Katorin: "This is [Player], that colleague I was telling y'all about."
Katorin: "We just finished up Snowflake this morning and launched."
Jordan: "I heard about that. Congratulations."
Katorin: "Thanks, Jordan."

Katorin looks at me and gestures to come forward. I comply with her request.

Jordan: "A pleasure to finally meet the legend himself."
Jordan: "I'm Jordan, and this is Ben."

*The legend himself?* What did Katorin tell them, exactly?

Jordan extends his hand for a handshake. I firmly grip his hand and finish the handshake.

Player: "A pleasure to meet you."
Jordan: "Katorin tells us you're quite the project leader."
Player: "Oh, did she?"
Ben: "Yeah, apparently Snowflake couldn't have gone smoother if it weren't for you."
I blush in embarrassment.

Player: "Well, that's interesting..."
Ben: "Sounds like she didn't tell you this upfront."
Player: "First I've heard."

Katorin giggles.

Player: "I guess you're close with Katorin, then?"
Jordan: "Of course! We go back a long way."
Ben: "Katy had just moved in across from Jordan when we met her."
Jordan: "Ah, that's right, when I was still in the apartment complex..."
Jordan: "I think we were all together for Chelsea's birthday."
Ben: "Yeah, that's right! That was a blast."
Katorin: "I probably wouldn't have had anything better to do if Chelsea didn't invite me over."

*Wow, she's really close with these people.* I smile and nod.

Player: "You put on quite a performance tonight."
Jordan: "Thanks for the confirmation."
Ben: "We try."
Player: "May I ask about the cat ears?"
Ben: "Felt like a fun idea for tonight."
Player: "Why not? Seems like Chelsea went the full 110%."
Jordan: "What do you mean?"
Player: "I admire the level of detail on her costume. She really nailed the coyote look."

Ben, Katorin, and Jordan look at each other in confusion. *Am I slurring my words?* They soon after burst into laughter, presumably understanding what I said.

Jordan: "Oh, man. Who wants to break the news to this guy?"
Player: "I'm sorry?"
Ben: "Bud, they ain't wearing a costume. That's how they look when waking up in the morning."

I take a moment to process what the two are telling me. *Am I that drunk? Are they pulling my leg?*

Jordan: "You alright there, [Player]? You look like you've seen a ghost."

*My, God... she's an Anthro...* They've co-existed alongside us in New Rollinsport for years, though no one exactly remembers how they came to be. Nonetheless, it's just an accepted fact that they exist here. And I've just met one tonight, on stage, thinking they were wearing a costume. I must be really, really drunk right now.

Jordan: "Somebody, get this man some water! Looks like he's about to feint or something."

Ben grabs a bottle of water from a nearby cooler and hands it to me.

Ben: "Drink up. I think the knockout juice Katorin ordered you is a little too strong..."
Katorin: "Strong? He was barely sipping on it."
Ben: "I don't think you realize just how strong this stuff is."
Ben: "Not even Chelsea would touch it. And they don't mind getting plastered every once in a while."
Katorin: "I didn't think it'd be *that* strong..."
Jordan: "Kinda surprised the bartender even sells that."

Ben guides me to a chair.

Ben: "Just take a seat here and drink that water. And don't let the whole anthro thing get to your head."
Ben: "Almost everyone that's met us made the same mistake. Many times."
Jordan: "Yeah, Chelsea's pretty chill about it."
Katorin: "Speaking of which..."
Jordan: "They left early. Forgot they had matters to attend to, apparently."
Katorin: "Oh..."

Katorin's phone buzzes. She excuses herself and checks her text messages. Ben and Jordan take a seat.

Jordan: "I should probably take these two home."
Ben: "Wouldn't hurt. Better that they remain safe."
Jordan: "Would save them an Uber, at the very least."
Player: "Thanks. You don't have to."
Jordan: "No need to worry. Any friend of Katorin is a friend of mine, and that's just what friends do."
Player: "I'm definitely gonna drink more water and rest after all this."
Ben: "Good idea."
Jordan: "What was she thinking, giving you that glass?"
Player: "Wanted me to live a little, I guess."
Ben: "Certainly not the way I'd do that."

Ben leans back in his chair.

Ben: "You know, it's a bit of a shame that Chelsea couldn't stay afterwards. I'm sure they'd love to meet ya."
Jordan: "They'd love to meet anyone new, really."
Player: "Oh, does Chelsea go by they/them pronouns? My apologies."
Jordan: "Ah, you're fine. Chelsea answers to both."
Jordan: "I'm not sure whether it'd be a good idea to get into the details right now."
Jordan: "Maybe when you're not completely plastered like this..."
Player: "Fair enough."

Katorin re-enters the room.

Jordan: "Hey, I'm gonna take this guy back home. You screwed him up real good."
Katorin: "Oh, OK. I just called for an Uber... guess I'll just go alone."
Katorin: "By the way, [Player], one of my friends wants to send you some mail. You cool with me giving them your address?"
Player: "As long as it's not malicious, sure."
Ben: "You sure that's a good idea? You're not really thinking straight."
Player: "Maybe, maybe not. We'll see what happens."
Katorin: "I'll let them know, then. I'm sure it isn't anything evil."
Katorin: "I'm gonna head out, then. Good night, everyone! Enjoy the weekend."
Player: "You, too."

Jordan and Ben get up as Katorin walks out of the room.

Jordan: "Let's get you home. What's your address?"
Player: "46 Federighi Avenue. It's an apartment building at the intersection of Fereghdei and Sun Valley."
Jordan: "Alright. That's on the way back to my place, actually. Works out."
Ben: "Let's get him in the car."

---

> Knocking sound plays.
> 

I moan as I wake up from the couch. I barely remember Ben and Jordan driving me back home, and me downing a bottle of water before crashing on the couch.

> Knocking sound plays again.
> 

Player: "I'll be there!"

I take a sip from the second bottle of water I had on the coffee table and make my way over to the door. Upon opening it, I soon discover a tall... hammer? *I'm not dreaming or hallucinating this, right?* I shake my head to try and wake up, to some success. *Nope, this is real.*

Player: "I... have so many questions..."
???: "I won't be long, I promise. I'm just here to hand-deliver mail."

The voice sounds somewhat familiar, but I can't put my finger on it.

Player: "So you must be the friend that Katorin was talking about, then."
???: "That would be correct. Here, maybe this will give you some answers."

The hammer hands me a small envelope.

Player: "... you couldn't just mail this?"
???: "I, uh, didn't want to pay for postage..."
???: "You should get some rest. My apologies for not formally introducing myself, but I should get going."
Player: "Wait, what if this piece of mail doesn't answer my questions?"
???: "It'll at least give you a head start, I'm sure of it. Goodnight."

The hammer walks away. I barely catch a glimpse of the full figure, only noticing a small portion of her teal-colored shoes. I sigh, close the door, and walk back to the couch. Taking a seat and opening the envelope, I notice a small letter. I have nothing better to do, so I'd might as well just read this.

> Dialog window that shows the letter is present.
> 

*... what?* This practically answered nothing. Who is this person? Why do they want to date me? Why did they decide to wear a hammer costume? I sigh and lay down on the couch. Maybe I'm just overthinking this a little. She did say that she knows Katorin, and that Katorin has talked to her about me. I'd might as well give it a shot. Reaching for my phone, I decide to text the number on the letter and accept. There's probably a lot that could go wrong, but I'm hoping for the best with this.

> Scene fades to black.
>
