I can’t believe it’s already Saturday, let alone that my plan worked last night. Katorin can’t really believe it, either, but at least I didn’t come off as a serial killer or anything. He even said I was a cute hammer… *hehe…*

I check my watch: *5:39 PM*. Just a few minutes before Sam arrives. I’m not really nervous or anything because they seem to like me anyway. Though I hope they’re okay with my outfit. I couldn’t just re-wear my dress from last night, and this was the closest for an all-black outfit. I sit patiently in front of Sun Valley Café, waiting for Sam to arrive.

The ocean sparkles in the sunlight as it crashes against the shoreline. This evening feels magical. I watch the waves, being entranced by their routine of crashing into the beach.

The peace doesn’t last for long, as I feel a tap on my shoulder. Surprisingly, I am greeted by Jordan's presence instead of Sams's. I lightly yelp.

Jordan: "Oops, didn't mean to scare you. I take it you were expecting someone else."
Chelsea: "Yeah, sorry for the knee-jerk reaction there."
Chelsea: "I’m expecting my date in a few minutes. You met Katy’s colleague, Sam, right?"
Jordan: “Oh, you managed to score date with them. That’s nice.”  
Jordan: “Did Katorin set that up? Also, why are you wearing your hammer helmet?”  
Chelsea: “I set it up, more or less, and they’re fine with me wearing it. They already know who I am.”  
Jordan: “… I won’t dig too deep, then. But I’m glad you’ve finally gotten a date.”  
Jordan: “I’m sure you two would make a good couple.”  
Jordan: “Speaking of which, looks like they’re coming this way.”  
Jordan: “Have fun; I’ll talk to you later.”  
Chelsea: “Thanks, Jordan!”

Jordan walks the other direction as Sam inches closer. I wave at them and they wave back.

Sam: “Hey, sorry if I’m a little late.”  
Sam: “I almost had a problem with my kitchen sink.”  
Chelsea: “Oh, that’s fine! Happens to me all the time.”  
Chelsea: “My house is super old and needs constant maintenance.”  
Sam: “Sounds like you’re all too familiar with it.”  
Chelsea: “I really want to move over to this side of town.”  
Chelsea: “My father used to live a block away from where I am on Collins.”  
Chelsea: “But now that he’s moved, I don’t really have a reason to be at the old place.”  
Sam: “What’s stopping you from coming to this side of town, then?”  
Chelsea: “I don’t really feel like packing everything up right now...”

Sam lightly chuckles.
Sam: “Shall we head inside?”  
Chelsea: “Yeah, I’d like that.”

The two of us walk to the café entrance. I open the door and hold it for Sam as they enter, letting the door gently close as I follow behind.

The café seems quiet this evening. A couple of people sit at some tables, talking to each other with lattes in hand. The barista from behind the counter is busy making coffee. I notice a pianist playing some classical music towards the back of the café. Instantly, I recognize the piece being performed.

Chelsea: "Ooh, this is one of my favorites..."  
Sam: "You like classical music?"  
Chelsea: "A little. Mostly contemporary classic."  
Chelsea: "This piece is just so calming."  
Chelsea: "It reminds me of this one video game I played a couple of months back."  
Sam: "What video game was that?"  
Chelsea: "I can't remember the name, but it was a puzzle game. Pretty trippy."  
Sam: "Do you remember what it was about?"  
Chelsea: "Something about dreams. The rest is kinda blurry."  
Chelsea: "The only thing that's fresh in my mind right now is the music."  
Sam: "That's fair, I suppose."  
Chelsea: "I should probably find it and play it again! I have it on my little console somewhere."  
Chelsea: "Maybe you'll be able to watch some time."  
Player: "Sounds like fun."

Sam steps over to the counter and look at the menu. I follow behind, ignoring the glass case.

Sam: "Would you like anything from the case?"  
Chelsea: "I had some dinner a little earlier. Thanks for the offer, though!"

As soon as the barista is finished and sets aside the previous orders, he comes up to the counter.

Barista: "Sam! I didn't expect you to be here at this hour."  
Player: "I'm on a date, believe it or not."

The barista looks over to me and smirks.

Barista: "I didn't realize you loved your tools that much."  
Sam: "I didn't realize you'd care that much about it, Mark."

I giggle. Mark looks in total shock and is unable to come up with a witty comment in time.

Mark: “Chelsea, is that you?”  
Chelsea: “What gave it away?”  
Mark: “I recognize that little coyote giggle from anywhere.”  
Chelsea: “Alright, you caught me.”  
Mark: “You trying to do some secret lover thing with Sam here?”  
Chelsea: “Nah, I just felt like wearing this.”  
Mark: "Well, Let me take your order real quick. You want your usual, or...?"  
Sam: "A small mocha latte is good for me, actually."

Sam looks toward me, awaiting a response.

Chelsea: “I’ll take the same thing.”  
Sam: "Double that."
Mark: "Don't worry about that second one. It's on the house."

*What? No way…*

Sam: "Oh, well, thanks. I would've-"  
Mark: "Don't stress it, buddy. You focus on keeping this hammer happy."

I swipe my card to pay for my drink and watch as Mark steps away from the counter to make the order. Sam and I walk away from the counter and sit at a nearby table.

Sam: "Does Mark know you that well?"  
Chelsea: "Doesn't he know everyone?"  
Player: "True..."
Chelsea: "Sorry to disappoint. I like mysteries, especially murder mysteries."  
Chelsea: "Nothing like getting cozy on the couch and getting caught up in a good 'whodunit'."  
Sam: "You seem like the mystery murder kind of being, so it tracks."  
Chelsea: "I do need to go back into the library sometime next week to check out some new ones."  
Chelsea: "I'm hoping they have the next one in the series. Been a real page turner for sure!"  
Sam: "... I thought you meant a series you were watching. Whoops."  
Chelsea: "Haha, it's fine! I don't really do TV."  
Chelsea: "The closest you'd find me watching would be videos on YouTube."

Mark places two cups on the counter and signals me to come over.

Sam: "One moment while I grab the lattes."

Sam walk over to the counter and grab the cups and strikes a small conversation with Mark again. It almost looks like those two are involved in something…

Mark smirks at me as Sam walks back to the table.

Chelsea: "What was that all about?"  
Sam: "Mark just told me some stuff, that's all."  
Chelsea: "Oh. I hope it was good."

Sam hands me a cup and sits down.

Sam: "So, you're not a TV person..."  
Chelsea: "Oh, right. Yeah, I don't really like doing TV."  
Chelsea: "I don't really get how people can watch that for hours."  
Chelsea: "Especially reality TV. I can't stand that."  
Chelsea: "Just as bad as the romance novels my mother reads. Yuck."  
Sam: "You got a distaste for romance novels?"  
Chelsea: "As much as I do my mother, Sam."  
Chelsea: "She's against everything I am and everything I stand for."  
Chelsea: "No wonder my father and her got a divorce when I was a pup."  
Sam: "I'm sorry to hear that."  
Chelsea: "Don't fret over it, Sam. It's not productive, really."  
Chelsea: "I don't let it bother me anymore."  
Chelsea: "Besides, I'm in a good place that accepts me and have a loving, supportive father."  
Sam: "Well, that's good."

I look down at my cup. *I guess it’s time to take this helmet off…* I grab the front of my helmet, squeeze, and pull the helmet forward. It takes a second or two, but I eventually get it off.

Sam: “Ah, so you finally take off the helmet.”  
Chelsea: “Of course, how else I’m gonna drink this?”  
Sam: “True. Does pulling that helmet off hurt?”  
Chelsea: “Not really. It is incredibly satisfying for my ears to stick up once I get most of the way, though!”

I sip my latte and look out the window.

Chelsea: "Hey, could we head down to the beach in a little? I'd like to get closer to the waves."
Sam: "Sure, whatever you'd like."
Chelsea: "Thanks. It's nice and soothing to sit there and watch."  
Sam: “You looked like you were entranced by the waves earlier.”  
Chelsea: “I was. Until Jordan tapped me.”  
Chelsea: “Nearly yelped like a little puppy!”

We both lightly chuckle. This is definitely going well.

---

We spend some more time in the café and finish our lattes before making our way to the beach in front. Sam follows me to a spot in between the café and their apartment. I sit down, lean against the back wall, and crosses my legs. Sam take off their sandals and sits right next to me, placing their sandals on the other side.

Chelsea: "The water's so pretty this evening. I could watch it all night."  
Sam: "It really is with the sunset."  
Chelsea: "I'm surprised that not a lot of people are out and about on the beach."  
Sam: "They're probably off somewhere else."  
Sam: "There's probably some event I must've forgotten about."

I lightly giggle.

Sam: "Hmm, it probably might be that small fair happening at Booty Park."

*Excuse me, but whaat? Booty Park?* I crack up, slightly hampered by my helmet.

Sam: "What? It's a real park on Federighi."  
Chelsea: "Is *that* what they called that park?"  
Chelsea: "I want to meet the mayor that decided to name that park what it is."  
Sam: "What for?"
Chelsea: "So I could find out what he had that night, and where I can get some."  

Sam laughs.

Sam: "Only the good stuff, Chelsea. Only the good stuff."  
Chelsea: "I'm sorry, you said something about an event happening at... "

I stifle my laughter while trying to speak.

Chelsea: "... Booty Park."  
Sam: "Yeah. I think they're holding a small fair there."  
Sam: "Or maybe it's a swap meet, I'm not sure."  
Sam: "It happens every couple of months."  
Chelsea: "Well, this is the first I've heard such an event..."  
Chelsea: "You know, it's hard staying on top of things while trying to be outgoing."  
Sam: "You're doing great."  
Chelsea: "Thanks for the validation."

I lean in a little closer, falling short of landing my head on their shoulder.

Chelsea: "Man, I can't believe it's August already! It feels like June was just starting yesterday..."  
Sam: "I know. Where did the time go?"
Chelsea: "Funny how time flies."  
Sam: "Do you have anything planned for this month?"  
Chelsea: "No, not really. Maybe going to some concerts, but not much."  
Chelsea: "The fun stuff happens next month."  
Sam: "What's next month?"  
Chelsea: "Just some activities I've signed up for..."

I don’t really like talking a lot about my birthday, because it always feels like someone will turn into into a big ordeal. I’m not really comfortable telling them yet…

Sam: "I feel like there's something else in September..."  
Sam: "I hope you're not too embarrassed to tell me. But if you don't want to, that's fine."  
Chelsea: "Embarrassed? What gave you that idea?"  
Sam: "You tilted your head down after I asked you about it. That and you're squirming a little."

*Damn, he caught me red-handed!* I thought wearing this costume would’ve helped a little. I suppose my own self-expression is backfiring.

Chelsea: "Alright, but you promise you won't tell anyone? I get anxious when more people know about it."  
Sam: "Your secret is kept with me."

I lean in closer. I really hope this doesn’t backfire on me…

Chelsea: "I turn 100,000 next month."

Sam ponders before realizing what I mean.

Sam: "Oh... it's your birthday next month..."  
Sam: "May I ask why you get anxious about it?"  
Chelsea: "I... don't like drawing attention to myself around stuff like that."  
Chelsea: "I'm fine with getting a few beers with some friends. I don't need the fanfare."  
Sam: "I understand. Don't worry, I won't throw any surprise parties for you."  
Chelsea: "Thanks. It means a lot to me."  
Sam: "You're welcome. Also... you're nearly a hundred thousand years old?"  
Chelsea: "What? No, where'd you get that from?"  
Sam: "Well, you said that..."

They stop mid-sentence. *I thought they were a programmer; shouldn’t they understand binary?*

Sam: "That was binary, oh my god."

I can’t help but cackle at that. I rest my hand on their shoulder as they facepalm.

Chelsea: "Gotcha."  
Sam: "So what you're saying is that you're turning 32."  
Chelsea: "Yeah, I know, I'm getting old. No need to rub it in."  
Sam: "Well, you certainly have a sense of humor tonight."  
Chelsea: "This is just the tip of the iceberg."  
Sam: "I'm in for a ride."

I look at the sunset, which is sitting halfway on the horizon.

Sam: "Also, when did you learn binary? Did Katorin drill that into your head or something?"  
Chelsea: "No, no, I learned it elsewhere."  
Sam: "Really? What for?"  
Chelsea: "It's a long story."

Surely I need to have something to have them look forward to.

Sam: "I swear, you'll have a whole book's worth of content you're gonna have to tell me later."  
Chelsea: "Who says I don't already?"  
Sam: "True."

Sam looks at my shows as the sun's rays light up the beach and my shoes by extension.

Sam: "... aren't you afraid of getting sand in your shoes?"  
Chelsea: “I clean these regularly, so not really.”  
Chelsea: “I mean, I *wanted* to wear a pair of black shoes or something to complete the look.”  
Chelsea: “Then I realized I don’t have any.”  
Sam: “Oh, that’s fine, I’m not expecting anything…”  
Sam: “You look cute with those shoes on.”  
Chelsea: “Aww, thanks…”

It’ll be a while before I could even begin to explain how much that means to me, but I’ll take what I can get. I look at my shoes while wiggling my toes briefly.

Sam: “Is teal your favorite color?”  
Chelsea: “Yeah, with orange as a close second.”  
Sam: “That’s nice. I like a good shade of orange, too.”

We stare at each other for a brief moment.

Chelsea: “I like you; you’re fun.”  
Sam: “Same. I think this is gonna work.”  
Chelsea: “Hmm, maybe we should do one more, just to check?”  
Sam: “How does Friday sound?”  
Chelsea: “Works for me! Maybe we could try…”

I stifle my laughter as I try to finish my sentence. *God, this is too funny…*

Chelsea: “… Booty Park?”

A small silence grows before I break face and cackle.

Chelsea: “Sorry! I can’t help it…”  
Sam: “Hold up…”

Sam grabs my helmet and yanks it off. Thankfully, it doesn’t really hurt doing so, but I was caught off guard for a second.

Sam: “Sorry, I just wanted to see you laugh.”

I don’t really know what to say, so I just keep laughing. Sam cracks a smile on their face.

---

After spending another hour at the beach, we eventually part ways, and I make my way back to my house. Sam’s the right one for me; I can just feel it. Let’s see where this takes me.