*Another Friday...* I'm pretty anxious to see Marty. Not that being around them is nerve-racking; in fact, it's quite the opposite. The first date was very, very awkward, though. At least that's what Katorin told me on Monday after spilling the beans. I hope we move past that tonight.

I sit patiently in front of Sun Valley Café, waiting for Marty to arrive. The ocean sparkles in the sunlight as it crashes against the shoreline. This evening feels magical and yet enigmatic. Watching the waves put me at ease, and I forget being anxious for a while. That is, until I feel a light tap on my shoulder.

I snap out of the trance and turn around to see who tapped me. Surprisingly, I am greeted by Jordan's presence instead of Marty's.

Player: "Kya~!"
Jordan: "Oops, didn't mean to scare you. I take it you were expecting someone else."
Player: "Yeah, sorry for the knee-jerk reaction there."
Player: "It's gonna sound weird, but I'm waiting for a hammer to show up for our date tonight."
Jordan: "A hammer?"

Jordan thinks to himself and pauses.

Jordan: "Oh, I see... I get what you mean now."
Jordan: "I'm kind of surprised, actually."
Player: "By what?"
Jordan: "Eh, it's nothing really. Forget I said that."

(Choice)

- "Tell me!"
    - Jordan: "I guess this won't end well if I don't."
    - Jordan: "I might actually know this hammer."
    - Jordan: "Of course, out of their interests, I should probably keep their identity hidden."
- "Are you sure?"
    - Jordan: "Of course, just a silly observation. That's all."
    - Jordan: "You're gonna end up making the same observation at some point, anyway."

Player: "Alright, then."
Jordan: "When are you supposed to meet up with this hammer?"
Player: "Right about now."
Jordan: "Hmm. No sign of them?"

Jordan looks off into the distance.

Jordan: "Ah, I take that back."
Jordan: "I shan't keep you long."
Jordan: "Have fun on your date."
Player: "Umm, thanks."

Jordan walks the other direction. I turn around and look in the direction Jordan was facing. I see Marty in the distance, coming closer. They wave at me, so I wave back.

Marty: "Hey, sorry for being a little late."
Marty: "It turns out getting over here on foot is a little longer than I expected."
Player: "It's fine."
Marty: "Who was the gentleman that spoke to you?"
Player: "Oh, him? He's one of Katorin's close friends. One of the band members of *The Serif*."
Marty: "Really? I wonder what he wanted from you."
Player: "I don't know. He startled me, though."
Marty: "Oh?"
Player: "He tapped me on the shoulder as I was staring at the water."
Player: "I thought it was you, so I was startled to see him instead."
Marty: "Oh, uh, alright then."
Player: "Do you want to head into the café, or are you too worried about taking off your helmet?"
Marty: "Ahaha, I'm not worried! I promised that I'd come up with a solution."

Marty points to the front of their head, where I notice a small zipper line.

Player: "... you altered your costume?"
Marty: "Sort of. I thought I needed to when I realized I had this helmet in the closet."

Marty knocks on the side of their helmet, hearing a small cushioned thud.

Player: "Huh. Imagine that."
Player: "How are you going to drink, though?"
Marty: "Easy, I do it from a straw."
Player: "You have a straw that long?"
Marty: "I'll make it work, you'll see!"
Player: "Alright, if you say so."

The two of us walk to the café entrance. I open the door and hold it for Marty. Marty nods in appreciation as I follow behind them, letting the door close on its own.

The café seems quiet this evening. A couple of people sit at some tables, talking to each other with lattes in hand. The barista from behind the counter is busy making coffee. I notice a pianist playing some classical music towards the back of the café.

Marty: "Ooh, this is one of my favorites..."

I turn slightly, expecting to see Marty look at the different pastries in the glass case. To my surprise, their invisible gaze is locked on the pianist.

Player: "You like classical music?"
Marty: "A little. Mostly contemporary classic."
Marty: "This piece is just so calming."
Marty: "It reminds me of this one video game I played a couple of months back."
Player: "What video game was that?"
Marty: "I can't remember the name, but it was a puzzle game. Pretty trippy."

(Choice)

- "Do you remember what it was about?"
    - Marty: "Something about dreams. The rest is kinda blurry."
    - Marty: "The only thing that's fresh in my mind right now is the music."
    - Player: "That's fair, I suppose."
    - Marty: "I should probably find it and play it again."
- "We can look it up later."
    - Marty: "It's okay, you don't need to do that."
    - Marty: "I can just text you when I find it in my game library again."
    - Marty: "Come to think of it, I wouldn't mind playing it again."
- "Not sure what it is, but sounds like fun."
    - Marty: "I kind of want to play it again now. But maybe another time."

Marty: "Maybe you'll be able to watch some time."
Player: "Doesn't sound like a bad idea."

I step over to the counter and look at the menu. Marty follows behind, ignoring the glass case.

Player: "Would you like anything from the case?"
Marty: "I had some dinner a little earlier. Thanks for the offer, though!"

As soon as the barista is finished and sets aside the previous orders, he comes up to the counter.

Barista: "[Player]! I didn't expect you to be here at this hour."
Player: "I'm on a date, believe it or not."

The barista looks over to Marty and smirks at me.

Barista: "I didn't realize you loved your tools that much."
Player: "I didn't realize you'd care that much about it, Mark."

Marty giggles. Mark looks in total shock and is unable to come up with a witty comment in time. Eventually, he snaps out of it.

Mark: "Well, uh, I didn't realize this was what you were doing over there at work!"
Mark: "Intelligent and sentient hammers. That's impressive, [Player]!"

(Choice)

- "Why are you so surprised?"
    - Mark: "Surprised? Nah, I'm just a good actor."
    - I doubt he's acting this time. He's surprised by Marty for some reason.
- "This isn't my line of work. It's Katorin's."
    - Mark: "Katorin, you cheeky little..."
    - Mark chuckles.

Mark: "Let me take your order real quick. You want your usual, or...?"
Player: "A small mocha latte is good for me, actually."

I turn to Marty.

Player: "What would you like me to get you, Marty?"
Marty: "Uh... I'll just take the same thing."

Marty seems nervous about Mark. *Do the two know each other?* I dismiss the thought and turn back to Mark.

Player: "Double that."
Mark: "Don't worry about that second one. It's on the house."

Marty's head tilts backwards in slight confusion, or so it seems by the way they're fidgeting.

Player: "Oh, well, thanks. I would've-"
Mark: "Don't stress it, buddy. You focus on keeping this hammer happy."

I swipe my card to pay for my drink and watch as Mark steps away from the counter to make the order. Marty and I walk away from the counter and sit at a nearby table.

Player: "Does Mark know you?"
Marty: "Doesn't he know everyone?"
Player: "That's valid, I suppose. He just seemed surprised."
Marty: "I don't really buy the acting, but I can't blame him for trying."
Player: "I'll figure it out at some point."
Marty: "Oh, are you playing detective now?"
Player: "Not really."
Marty: "That's a shame. I like mysteries, especially murder mysteries."
Marty: "Nothing like getting cozy on the couch and getting caught up in a good 'whodunit'."
Player: "Interesting."
Marty: "I do need to go back into the library sometime next week to check out some new ones."
Marty: "I'm hoping they have the next one in the series. Been a real page turner for sure!"
Player: "... I thought you meant a series you were watching. Whoops."
Marty: "Haha, it's fine! I don't really do TV."
Marty: "The closest you'd find me watching would be videos on YouTube."

Mark places two cups on the counter and signals me to come over.

Player: "Excuse me while I grab the lattes."

I walk over to the counter and grab the cups.

Mark: "So, how are you liking her?"
Player: "... I'm sorry?"
Mark: "The hammer."
Player: "Oh, Marty? They're fine."
Mark: "I hope so. You two seem like a good fit."
Mark: "I'll tell ya, buddy, she won't disappoint."
Player: "How do you know?"
Mark: "I'd tell you, but then I'd have to kill you."
Mark: "Okay, Mr. Bond. Keep your secrets."

Mark smirks at me as I walk back to the table.

Marty: "What was that all about?"
Player: "Mark just told me some stuff, that's all."
Marty: "Oh. I hope it was good."

I hand Marty one of the cups and sit back down.

Player: "So, you're not a TV person..."
Marty: "Oh, right. Yeah, I don't really like doing TV."
Marty: "I don't really get how people can watch that for hours."
Marty: "Especially reality TV. I can't stand that."
Marty: "Just as bad as the romance novels my mother reads. Yuck."
Player: "You got a distaste for romance novels?"
Marty: "As much as I do my mother, [Player]."
Marty: "She's against everything I am and everything I stand for."
Marty: "No wonder my father and her got a divorce when I was a pu- toddler."

(Choice)

- "Ptoddler? That's a new word."
    - Marty: "Yeah, of course. As a linguist, I make up new words all the time!"
    - Marty: "I'm kidding, I flubbed up. Respect to those that study linguistics, though."
    - Player: "Ah, well, I'll disregard that, then."
    - Player: "I've got plenty of friends that study linguistics."
- "I'm sorry to hear that."
    - Marty: "Don't fret over it, [Player]. It's not productive, really."
    - Marty: "I don't let it bother me anymore."
    - Marty: "Besides, I'm in a good place that accepts me and have a loving, supportive father."
    - Player: "Well, that's good."

Player: "My apologies for switching gears here for a sec, but I forgot to ask this question last week."
Player: "What pronouns do you go by?"
Marty: "Oh! They/them or she/her is fine."
Player: "Okay, thanks. I hear people use different ones."
Marty: "Well, you wouldn't be wrong with your assumption."
Marty: "Thanks for asking, though."

Marty looks down at the cup they're holding.

(Choice)

- "Would you like me to get a straw for you?"
    - Marty: "Nah, it's fine."
- "Are you thinking about how to drink that?"
    - Marty: "Nah, I kind of forgot this was in my hand."

Marty unzips the hole they pointed out to me earlier. They take the up close to the hole and tilt back a bit, sipping the latte. After putting the cup down, they zip the hole back up.

Player: "Well, you weren't lying about making it work."
Marty: "Of course! You didn't think I'd lie to you about that, did you?"
Player: "Not really."
Player: "You haven't given me much reason to not trust you."
Marty: "Good. I wouldn't want you to have issues trusting me, even with this costume on."

Marty looks out the window and watches the waves for a brief moment.

Marty: "Could we head down to the beach in a little? I'd like to get closer to the waves."
Player: "Sure, whatever you'd like."
Marty: "Thanks. It's nice and soothing to sit there and watch."
Player: "I agree. I watched them while waiting for you."
Marty: "And that's before that guy tapped you on the shoulder. Now I understand why you got startled."

We lightly chuckle.

---

We spend some more time in the café and finish our lattes before making our way to the beach in front. I follow Marty to a spot in between the café and my apartment. Marty sits down, leans against the back wall, and crosses their legs. I take off my sandals and sit right next to them.

Marty: "The water's so pretty this evening. I could watch it all night."
Player: "It really is with the sunset."
Marty: "I'm surprised that not a lot of people are out and about on the beach."
Player: "They're probably off somewhere else."
Marty: "There's probably some event I must've forgotten about."

Marty lightly giggles.

Player: "Hmm, it probably might be that small fair happening at Booty Park."

Marty cackles.

Player: "What? It's a real park on Federighi."

Marty: "Is *that* what they called that park?"
Marty: "I want to meet the mayor that decided to name that park what it is."
Player: "What for?"
Marty: "So I could find out what he had that night, and where I can get some."

I laugh.

Player: "Only the good stuff, Marty. Only the good stuff."
Marty: "I'm sorry, you said something about an event happening at... "

Marty stifles their laughter while trying to speak.

Marty: "... Booty Park."
Player: "Yeah. I think they're holding a small fair there."
Player: "Or maybe it's a swap meet, I'm not sure."
Player: "It happens every couple of months."
Marty: "Well, this is the first I've heard such an event..."
Marty: "You know, it's hard staying on top of things while trying to be outgoing."
Player: "You're doing great."
Marty: "Thanks for the validation."

Marty leans in a little closer, falling short of landing their head on my shoulder.

Marty: "Man, I can't believe it's August already! It feels like June was just starting yesterday..."
Player: "I know. Where did the time go?"
Marty: "Funny how time flies."
Player: "Do you have anything planned for this month?"
Marty: "No, not really. Maybe going to some concerts, but not much."
Marty: "The fun stuff happens next month."
Player: "What's next month?"
Marty: "Just some activities I've signed up for..."

Marty's head tilts down, likely in embarrassment.

Player: "I feel like there's something else in September..."
Player: "I hope you're not too embarrassed to tell me. But if you don't want to, that's fine."
Marty: "Embarrassed? What gave you that idea?"
Player: "You tilted your head down after I asked you about it. That and you're squirming a little."

Marty sighs.

Marty: "Alright, but you promise you won't tell anyone? I get anxious when more people know about it."
Player: "Your secret is kept with me."

Marty leans in closer.

Marty: "I turn 100,000 next month."

It takes me a second to realize what she means.

Player: "Oh... it's your birthday next month..."
Player: "May I ask why you get anxious about it?"
Marty: "I... don't like drawing attention to myself around stuff like that."
Marty: "I'm fine with getting a few beers with some friends. I don't need the fanfare."
Player: "I understand. Don't worry, I won't throw any surprise parties for you."
Marty: "Thanks. It means a lot to me."
Player: "You're welcome. Also... you're nearly a hundred thousand years old?"

Marty: "What? No, where'd you get that from?"
Player: "Well, you said that..."

I stop mid-sentence, realizing my mistake.

Player: "That was binary, oh my god."

I facepalm in embarrassment, while Marty cackles lightly. Marty's hand rests on my shoulder.

Marty: "Haha, gotcha."
Player: "So what you're saying is that you're turning 32."
Marty: "Yeah, I know, I'm getting old. No need to rub it in."
Player: "Well, you certainly have a sense of humor tonight."
Marty: "Well, this is just the tip of the iceberg."
Player: "I'm in for a ride."

I look at the sunset, which is sitting halfway on the horizon.

Player: "Also, I had no idea you knew binary."
Player: "Did Katorin drill that into your head?"
Marty: "No, no, I learned it elsewhere."
Player: "Really? What for?"
Marty: "It's a long story."
Player: "I swear, you'll have a whole book's worth of content you're gonna have to tell me later."
Marty: "Who says I don't already?"
Player: "... true."

As the sun's rays light up the beach and Marty's shoes by extension, I notice that Marty hasn't taken them off the entire time.

Player: "... aren't you afraid of getting sand in your shoes?"
Marty: "Eh, not really. It's better than getting dust and other stuff on my... skin."
Player: "Couldn't you take a shower afterwards?"

Marty looks at me without saying a word.

Player: "Right. Long story."

Marty gets up from the beach floor and brushes off the sides of their costume.

Marty: "Well, I should probably get going. It's starting to get pretty late."
Player: "Alright, Marty. Where do you want to meet up next time?"
Marty: "How about Booty Park?"

Marty stifles a laugh.

Marty: "Nope, can't say that with a straight face. I don't know where it is, either."
Player: "How about the pastry shop again?"
Marty: "Sounds good to me, [Player]."
Player: "Alright, then. Goodnight, Marty."

Marty hugs me for a brief moment.

Marty: "Goodnight, [Player]."

Marty steps up on the wall and starts walking past the café. I get up from the beach floor and make my way over to my apartment. I can't help but feel I'm getting closer to them, ever so slightly. Maybe I will have to play detective and solve this mystery sooner or later. Nonetheless, this felt like a proper date, and I'm ready for the next one. Maybe they'll finally tell me some of those stories in that book of theirs.