The timing couldn’t be more perfect; it’s a nice late afternoon for a Friday, and the weather feels just right. Sam and I agreed on meeting at my place near the Collins Highway, and I’ve made sure to make the yard look nice. In fact, I spent a lot of time re-decorating it for this occasion.

I happened to uncover a costume of mine in the closet that I *totally* forgot about as I was cleaning the house this morning. It was a Greek column costume I made a year or two ago for a performance. Top that with my outfit today, and I think I have the most hilarious prank for today’s date.

I stand quietly in the yard, wearing my column costume. Trying to remain still and unnoticed, I stand in the front yard. *Hmm, no sign of Sam yet…* I look down at my paws and give my toes a wiggle, just to make sure my sandals don’t look off. Then, out of the corner of my eye, I spot them. *This is gonna be fun…*

> A knocking sound plays.
> 

Sam walks up to the front door and knocks. I try to remain as quiet and still as I can.

Sam: “A bit early, I guess.”

Sam walks off to the side and steps into the yard, inspecting the tiny garden. So far, they don’t happen to notice me standing there. I can’t help but crack a smile and stifle any giggling as best as I can. I bounce the zipper with my big toe to try and keep my composure.

Sam takes a seat in one of the lawn chairs and looks toward my direction. They pull out their phone, presumably to text me. *How cute…*

Sam: “I wonder where that pupper has gone…”

They keep sitting in the chair, checking their phone periodically. Something floats by the air, and I can’t help but sneeze. Instantly, Sam jolts.

Sam: “Holy crap! Chelsea, is that you in that pillar?”

I start cackling. This was not the plan, but they managed to get startled, anyway.

Chelsea: “I didn’t even *plan* the sneeze and you still flinched!”  
Sam: “Congrats, you startled me.”

Sam laughs it off and comes up to me.

Sam: “So what’s the story behind this costume?”  
Chelsea: “It was for a performance a year ago. I totally forgot I had it until I cleaned the house this morning.”  
Chelsea: “So I figured I’d give you a good prank!”  
Sam: “Yeah, well, mission accomplished.”  
Chelsea: “What? I’m a anthro-cotoye; could you really expect anything less.”  
Sam: “True, I suppose. I didn’t think you’d pull the stereotype card, though.”  
Chelsea: “Haha, funny. It’s just for this one time.”

Sam looks up and down, likely noticing that I’ve been bouncing the zipper on and off.

Sam: “So, am I stuck with a Greek column for the rest of the night, or…?”  
Chelsea: “Of course not! Would you like to do the honors?”  
Chelsea: “This column has a little surprise inside…”  
Sam: “I, uh…”  
Chelsea: “Oh, come on. *Pleease?* It’s gonna be more work if I do it myself…”

Sam sighs, defeated.

Sam: “Fine. But only because you asked nicely.”

Sam grabs the zipper that I’ve been bouncing and gently pulls upwards, allowing me top step outside and let the costume fall to the ground behind me. A small breeze lets my dress flow a little bit. Sam’s eyes sparkle as they gasp briefly.

Sam: “Oh! You even matched your outfit…”  
Chelsea: “I felt like wearing this dress today.”

I grab the costume from the ground and bundle it up. I smile and put the costume under my arm.

Chelsea: “You want to come inside? I prepared some tea.”  
Sam: “Sure, as long as you didn’t booby trap it.”  
Chelsea: “Very funny.”

I put my hand on Sam’s back as we walk up to the front door. As I open the door, Sam walks inside, allowing me to close the door from behind.

Sam: “Wow, this place is… a lot bigger than I thought.”  
Chelsea: “Yeah, I know. I think this place was supposed to be a mansion or something.”  
Chelsea: “But I’m paying typical rent like it’s an apartment.”  
Chelsea: “Plenty of maintenance to do, though.”

Sam hangs their coat up on the coat rack. I gently toss the costume onto the nearby chair, barely making it into the seat.

Chelsea: “You want a cup?”  
Sam: “That sounds nice, thanks.”

Gently, I pour a cup from the kettle on the table and hand them the cup. 

Sam: “Thanks.”

We walk toward the living room and take a seat on the couch while Sam carefully take a sip from their cup.

Sam: “Ooh, raspberry.”  
Chelsea: “I’m still going through all of my fruit ones.”  
Sam: “Gotcha. I thought you’d be the earl gray kind of person.”  
Chelsea: “Not always. I like to spice things up a little.”

I grab my cup from the coffee table, take a sip, and place it back on the saucer.

Sam: “So, no other costume surprise?”  
Chelsea: “I already had my fun being a column and startling the living daylights out of ya.”  
Chelsea: “Besides, today feels like a day for wearing these sandals.”  
Chelsea: “I might hop into my burrito costume if it gets late, though.”  
Sam: “Hmm,  I see. Didn’t feel like wearing your sneakers, eh?”  
Chelsea: “Yeah, you could say that.”

Sam takes another sip from their cup.

Sam: “I’m guessing you have some idea in mind if you had enough time to plan out the prank.”  
Chelsea: “Uh, yeah. I was thinking of having some casserole and maybe playing a game or two, if you’re fine with that.”  
Sam: “Like a board game?”  
Chelsea: “Either or.”  
Sam: “Sure, works for me.”

I get up from the couch and turn around, eyeing the oven.

Chelsea: “That casserole should be done any moment now.”  
Sam: “You need help with grabbing plates?”  
Chelsea: “Oh, no, it’s okay. I already have some set aside.”  
Chelsea: “You don’t have to do a thing.”

I walk over to the oven, looking at the casserole. It looks finished, so I pull it out from the oven and carefully stab it to see if it cooked all the way through. Thankfully, it appears to be ready. I separate the plates and gently place one slice on each. I make sure to grab some silverware before heading to the couch with plates in hand. I hand Sam one of the plates.

Sam: “Thank you.”

Sam grabs a fork from my other hand before I sit down, unstrap my sandals, and bring my legs up. I notice Sam taking a corner and eating it, watching as they smile and radiate warmth.

Sam: “That’s good.”  
Chelsea: “Thanks. It’s my father’s recipe.”  
Sam: “He knows what he’s doing, that’s for sure.”

I take a quick bite from my slice. *Thank goodness they like it…*

Chelsea: “You know, I probably have to introduce Papa to you at some point.”  
Sam: “I already met him. He has the alterations shop across the street from Nodar’s Dealership.”  
Chelsea: “I… uh…”  
Sam: “He already knew that we were dating, somehow. Cool dude.”  
Sam: “I can easily see where you picked up the needlework from.”

I giggle, partially in disbelief.

Chelsea: “Well, I didn’t exactly tell him *who* I was dating…”  
Sam: “I guess he figured out when I talked with him on Monday. He was awaiting a shipment or something, so we just chatted a little bit.”  
Sam: “He seems to really like me, so I think we’re totally fine.”  
Chelsea: “Huh. I wonder why Papa didn’t say anything about it.”  
Sam: “Probably didn’t want to get in the way or something.”

Sam takes another bit from their slice of casserole.

Chelsea: “Well, I guess that settles it. One less thing for me to worry about…”

I take a bite from my slice, still pondering. *This is really, really awkward…*

Sam: “I can tell he’s very supportive of you. He had a lot of positive things to say.”

I smile and giggle.

Chelsea: “Yup, that’s definitely Papa!”  
Chelsea: “I remember him spending countless hours researching family doctors when I was young.”  
Chelsea: “I’d sometimes hear him mutter to himself when I went to get a glass of water.”  
Chelsea: “All those sleepless nights for him just so that we had a family doctor that could help me transition.”  
Chelsea: “I don’t think I’d ever seen him so happy the moment he walked into my room after the surgery.”

Sam takes another bite, looking at me with intrigue.

Chelsea: “We’re really close, Papa and I…”  
Chelsea: “He comes here every Wednesday for board games with me and my friends.”  
Chelsea: “Oh! You should come one night! I think you’d really like it.”  
Chelsea: “Just a fair warning, though: Papa’s really fierce at playing Monopoly.”  
Chelsea: “If I’d say so, probably just as good as some of the big tech corporations out there.”  
Sam: “I can’t tell if that’s an invitation or a warning…”

I giggle and take another bite from my casserole slice.

Sam: “I’d love to come, though. Wednesday night should be free.”

I smile in lieu of verbally responding.

Sam: “Speaking of which, you have a specific game in mind?”

---

> Some time has passed. Sam and Chelsea are cuddling together in the game room, playing a Witness-like puzzle video game on the TV.
> 

Chelsea: “What? How is that *not* the answer?”  
Chelsea: “Am I going crazy? Is this real?”  
Sam: “Looks plausible to me. I don’t really understand…”

We’ve been stuck on this puzzle for the past fifteen minutes. By now, Sam and I have been putting our minds at work (and cuddling, of course), but this is just unexpected. Because of how late it has gotten, I’ve swapped my dress for a nightgown and donned my burrito costume. Equal parts cuddle-worthy and comfortable. I’ve kept my head and paws out, though, because it’s kinda hard to see the screen through the fabric.

Sam’s also cool with it, too. 

Chelsea: “I… don’t…”

I huff in disappointment. *How? How is this possible?*

Sam: “I have an idea. It’s a really dumb one, but I want to try it.”  
Chelsea: “I’ll take anything at this point. Burrito unhappy.”

I wriggle my arms out and hand Sam the controller. Sam tries the puzzle again, this time with a slight change in the solution. Surely, the puzzle accepts the solution, allowing us to progress in the area. I huff, this time in awe and confusion.

Chelsea: “What? How did you…”  
Sam: “I guess those were further apart than we first thought?”  
Sam: “Either that or they’ve given up and said , ‘fine’.”  
Sam: “Here’s the controller back.”

I slowly take the controller out of Sam’s hands and slither back into my little cocoon.

Sam: “How is the burrito feeling?”  
Chelsea: “Not satisfied.”

Sam pulls me closer and rubs the side of my arm as I move to the next puzzle in the set.

Sam: “You want to play something else? I don’t want you to feel too stressed out.”  
Chelsea: “It’s fine, I just…”

I sigh, defeated.

Chelsea: “This area *sucks*…”

Sam smiles and chuckles.

Sam: “Yeah, it really does.”  
Sam: “Not this little burrito, though.”

Sam pokes the sides of my stomach, and I squeal as a knee-jerk reaction.

Chelsea: “Ooh, I wasn’t expecting that.”

Sam smiles, and I end up solving another puzzle, purely by chance.

Sam: “You’re one interesting pupper, you know that?”  
Chelsea: “I know I am.”

I lean up against Sam again and put my paws back on the ottoman. Gently, I wriggle out and hand Sam the controller. As Sam takes the controller from my hands, I slither back with my paws in the costume this time.

Chelsea: “I think I’ve had it with this set. Your turn.”  
Sam: “Fine by me. Did your paws get cold?”  
Chelsea: “A little…”  
Sam: “Gotcha. How does the burrito feel now?”  
Chelsea: “Warm, cuddly, and satisfied.”  
Sam: “That’s good enough for me.”  

I smile and lean my muzzle against their shoulder. By now, I’m leaning against them with my paws on the couch.

Chelsea: “I know I haven’t really said this a lot, but I appreciate you putting up with me.”  
Chelsea: “People think I’m insane with the costume shenanigans I pull.”

Sam wraps their arm around me and hold their hand where my right arm is.

Sam: “Hey, as long as you’re happy with wearing costumes for self-expression, I’m cool with it.”  
Sam: “I think you’re pretty cool either way.”

I giggle and watch them continue to play through the puzzle set. I could do this for a long while; this has to be one of the best dates I’ve ever been on.