Friday has rolled around, yet I haven't heard from Marty. I've texted once or twice to check in, but they've remained silent. Where should I meet them, if they've decided already? I hope they're doing alright... Maybe I'll run into them as I head to Sun Valley Café. I grab my keys and head out the door.

As I approach the café, I bump into someone obliviously. I step back and apologize, realizing that I had bumped into Katorin.

Katorin: "[Player], hey!"
Player: "I'm terribly sorry; I didn't notice you."
Katorin: "Ahaha, it's fine."
Player: "Are you alright?"
Katorin: "From the bumping? Yeah, I'm fine."

I know that tone; she's worried about something.

Player: "You seem worried about something else."

Katorin sighs.

Katorin: "I can't hide anything from you, can I?"
Player: "You've done it before."
Katorin: "Well, I guess I'm now obligated to tell you."
Katorin: "Let's move to the side."

Katorin and I sit down at a nearby bench.

Katorin: "So, you remember Chelsea, right?"
Player: "The anthro-coyote, right?"
Katorin: "Yeah. I haven't heard from her at all this week."
Player: "Do you two text often?"
Katorin: "Of course. We send each other memes."
Player: "Huh. And she hasn't corresponded with you?"
Katorin: "Not a word from her since last Sunday."
Katorin: "Which is really weird, because she's been really chipper the past month or so."
Player: "Really?"
Katorin: "Really, [Player]. And now she hasn't responded to my texts."
Katorin: "It's like she disappeared off of the face of the earth."
Katorin: "I really hope she's alright. This is really unusual for her."
Player: "Do you have any ideas on what could've happened?"

Katorin rubs her face, trying to keep calm.

Katorin: "It could be anything, [Player]. Anything."
Katorin: "I don't know what it could be."
Player: "Did she say anything to you before disappearing?"
Katorin: "No, not really. Not unless you count this meme."

She pulls out her phone and shows me the latest message she sent me. I stifle my laughter.

Player: "Huh, nothing. That's really weird."
Player: "Do you want me to help look for her?"
Katorin: "Aren't you supposed to be on a date right now?"
Player: "That can wait. Besides, they haven't texted me back in a week."

Katorin gives me a rather confused look as soon as we get up from the bench.

Player: "You look really confused."
Katorin: "I-it's nothing. Just a silly thought."
Player: "Have you tried swinging by her place?"
Katorin: "I rarely go there. She lives on the other side of the city."
Player: "That's not too bad from where you live, really."
Katorin: "Well, no, but she's near the intersection between Bouchard and Collins."
Katorin: "I don't like going there."
Player: "Last I checked, there wasn't anything spooky going over there."
Player: "Our best bet would be to check over at her place."
Katorin: "Alright, let's do that."
Player: "I'll follow you."

Katorin and I rush down to Federighi Avenue, make a turn, and keep running until we reach Collins Highway. Though a blur, I glance at Kellihim Park to see if either Chelsea or Marty were there. I didn't notice either one of them, though. We turn on to Collins Highway and keep running up the road until we make it to a Victorian-style house. As we slow down, Katorin takes a moment to catch her breath.

Player: "I didn't think we'd be running over here."
Katorin: "Believe me, I didn't want the panic to set in."

We make our way up to the house. I notice that, despite the structure being rather ancient, it looked well-maintained. Katorin knocks on the door with the knocker.

Player: "Chelsea owns this place?"
Katorin: "She's renting for now."
Player: "Wow. She does an excellent job with the upkeep."

We stand on the porch for a couple of minutes. No response.

Katorin: "Is she even home?"

Katorin steps off the porch and investigates the property. I wonder if Chelsea simply didn't hear the door. I step up, grab the knocker, and knock on the door with more force than Katorin. Katorin jolts and turns around.

Katorin: "Are you trying to break the door?!"
Player: "Maybe she didn't hear you the first time."
Katorin: "And what if she's not home?"
Player: "Relax. The door's not going to shatter into two."

As I finish the sentence, the door opens behind me. I notice Chelsea leaning on the door with messy hair and watery eyes.

Katorin: "Chelsea! Oh my God, are you alright?"

Chelsea sniffles and falls into Katorin's arms as Katorin braces for a hug. She whimpers while trying to get back up.

Katorin: "I've been worried sick about you! What happened?"
Chelsea: "I-it's a long story."

Chelsea stammers and struggles to get her words out.

Katorin: "Come. Let's get you back inside."

Katorin hoists Chelsea back up and guides her inside. I follow the two into the house and close the door behind us. The living room feels antiquated, but it's almost hard to tell with the mess of tissues all around. On the coffee table in front of the old couch is a nearly-empty tissue box and a full cup of tea, likely cold at this point. I notice a book on the other end of the table. Seeing the title 'After the Mirage', I feel a bit queasy for an unexplained reason. Marty's a pretty fast reader, so maybe they gave Chelsea the book afterwards. A vinyl record spins on the old record player by the couch, playing "Mad World".

Katorin picks up Chelsea and puts her on the couch. I take a seat in one of the armchairs while Katorin sits right next to Chelsea, stroking her hair away from her eyes. It takes a second before Katorin realizes that the record player is running.

Katorin: "Have you been listening to this all day?"

Chelsea's eyes close partially as if to silently agree. I get up from the chair and walk over to the record player to stop the record from spinning.

Katorin: "Oh, you poor thing..."

I put the record into the appropriately matched sleeve next to the player.

Katorin: "Thanks, [Player]."
Katorin: "I hope you don't mind him being here."

Chelsea: "I-it's fine..."

Chelsea adjusts herself on the couch, trying to sit up. She buries her muzzle into her knees, ears down.

Chelsea: "Sorry for the mess..."
Katorin: "Tell me what happened."
Chelsea: "My... my mother showed up."
Katorin: "Oh no..."

Katorin hugs Chelsea awkwardly.

Katorin: "I'm so sorry."

Chelsea whimpers again, falling short of crying. I take the cold tea from the table and walk outside to dump it. As I walk back inside and look for a nearby kettle, I hear Chelsea trying to talk to Katorin, struggling to keep composure.

Chelsea: "A-and she just started screaming a-at me, calling me by my dead name."
Chelsea: "She kept throwing things a-at me. Slurs, too."
Katorin: "That's horrible. I'm sorry I wasn't there."

I eventually discover an electric kettle on the table by the staircase. I swish the kettle around and realize there's plenty of water. Furthermore, I eavesdrop a little as I put my hand over the spout to feel for any steam.

Katorin: "How did this happen?"
Chelsea: "I-I told Papa the-the thing..."
Katorin: "How did your mother find out?"
Chelsea: "H-he told me that M-mom bumped into him at the dealership."
Chelsea: "I-I found this out w-weeks ago..."

The thing? Although intrigued, I stay away and reheat the water in the kettle and grab a chamomile tea bag from the box. As I wipe the sides of the cup, I listen a little more.

Katorin: "I'm sorry. I'm sure he didn't mean for this to happen."
Chelsea: "H-he didn't want to tell her at all..."
Katorin: "So your mother forced him to tell her?"
Katorin: "She's insane. I'm so sorry."

Katorin hugs Chelsea again while the kettle boils the water. Eventually, the kettle stops, and I pour the water into the now clean cup. I take the filled up over to the couch, making sure I don't trip on anything. After gently placing the cup on the table in its original spot, I grab the dustpan and broom leaning on the wall and sweep up the tissues. Eventually, I throw them into a nearby trashcan and take a sear in the armchair.

Katorin: "Oh, thanks, [Player]. You didn't have to do that."
Player: "The tea was cold when we walked in."
Player: "I couldn't help but overhear as I was wandering about."
Player: "I'm terribly sorry about what happened."

Chelsea wants to say something, but seems too anxious to do so.

Player: "I'm sorry if I'm making you feel uncomfortable. Would you like me to head into another room?"
Chelsea: "N-no, it's fine. I-I'm a mess."

Katorin rubs Chelsea's back while Chelsea intermittently whimpers. I notice a small game console on the table next to a chess pawn, probably from the chessboard in the foyer.

Chelsea: "I-I wanted to play a game on there, b-but I can't find the charger..."

As Katorin tries to comfort Chelsea more, I get up and take a look at the bottom side of the console, realizing it takes the same charging cable as my phone. Fishing through my pockets, I eventually pull out my charging brick along with the cable. Eventually, I find an open outlet in the wall, plug the brick in, and plug the console into the charging cable.

Player: "There. That should do it for now."
Chelsea: "T-thank you..."

I make my way back to the armchair and take a seat. The two look at the table as I grab the book and inspect it. There's a bookmark lodged about halfway between the covers, just like Marty's.

Chelsea: "I-I haven't finished reading it."
Player: "Do you like murder mysteries, Chelsea?"
Chelsea: "A-a little..."
Player: "Hmm. I've been dating someone who was reading this just last week."
Player: "You know Marty?"
Chelsea: "Y-yeah... they handed me the book when they were done."
Player: "I see. Sorry for the random question."

Chelsea barely makes an attempt at a single light chuckle.

Chelsea: "God, my boyfriend must be worried sick..."
Chelsea: "I-I'm sorry for ghosting you like that, Katorin."
Katorin: "Well, I'm glad to know a witch didn't capture you."

Chelsea tries to laugh again, and it somewhat succeeds.

Chelsea: "What would happen i-if I did?"
Katorin: "Well, we'd have bigger problems."
Katorin: "I'd have to send [Player] to find you."
Chelsea: "That corner isn't as s-scary as it looks, Katorin."

Player: "Did anyone else know about your absence?"
Chelsea: "I-I told Ben and Jordan I wouldn't be making it this week."
Chelsea: "I can't write songs like this..."
Chelsea: "And I've tried to call Papa, but he hasn't been picking up..."
Chelsea: "I probably would've fallen deeper into this hole of mine if it weren't for you two..."

Chelsea hugs Katorin again, her tail slowly wagging.

Chelsea: "Thank you, bestie..."
Chelsea: "I wouldn't know what I would do without you..."
Katorin: "Anything for my favorite pup in the world."

The two keep hugging for a short while. Chelsea eventually lets go, sits up on the couch with her paws on the floor, and turns in my direction.

Chelsea: "I-I'm sorry for this horrible display of a first introduction."
Player: "No need to worry, Chelsea."
Player: "I wanted to make sure you were alright as much as Katorin did."

Chelsea grabs the tea cup from the table and sips lightly. Her eyes widen in surprise, not realizing the tea was hot.

Chelsea: "Oop! I didn't realize this was hot..."
Katorin: "[Player] made you a fresh cup two minutes ago, silly."
Chelsea: "Oh. I'm an idiot..."

Chelsea sets the cup down, holding her hand under it to catch any loose drippings of tea. She looks down at her paws in slight disappointment.

Chelsea: "I want to paint my toenails again, but I rain out of nail polish..."
Katorin: "I like the natural color."
Katorin: "Besides, you wear sneakers almost all the time. No one's going to notice."
Chelsea: "I guess you're right..."
Player: "What color do you usually paint them?"
Chelsea: "Either teal or orange. Sometimes both."
Player: "Hmm. I can see where both of you are coming from."
Katorin: "Uh oh, [Player] is now the arbiter of toenail polish colors."
Player: "Ha, ha."

Chelsea gets up from the couch and walks over to the outlet in the wall. She checks the console for any signs of life. With much success, the display turns on with a charging symbol.

Chelsea: "Well, I guess I will have to put off my needed therapy until tonight."
Chelsea: "Or until I can find that darned charger."
Player: "You can borrow mine until you find yours. I have plenty of bricks and cables."
Chelsea: "Oh, thanks, you don't have to..."

Chelsea sits back down on the couch.

Chelsea: "I should probably clean myself up. I've been in these clothes for days."
Katorin: "Really? I can't even tell."

Katorin smirks.

Katorin: "Alright. I'll leave you to it, then."
Katorin: "Don't hesitate to call me for anything, alright?"
Chelsea: "Thanks, Katorin."
Chelsea: "It was a pleasure to have you around, [Player]. I'm sorry for the trouble."
Player: "You're good. Any friend of Katorin is a friend of mine, and I'm glad to see that you're okay."
Chelsea: "Thanks, [Player]."

Katorin and I get up and make our way to the door. Chelsea gets up from the couch and walks up the stairs. We walk outside and close the doors behind us. For the rest of the time, we casually walk down the road to Katorin's house.

Katorin: "Thank goodness she's alright."
Katorin: "I thought she died."
Player: "That's a little extreme, don't you think?"
Katorin: "Well, you know me, I tend to panic a lot."
Player: "True."
Katorin: "I can't believe her mother would go after her like that."
Katorin: "Completely on a rampage, too. Gosh, she's such a Karen."
Player: "I can't even begin to imagine."
Player: "It sounds like her mother's pretty distant from the rest of the family."
Katorin: "Chelsea's parents got divorced when she was just a toddler."
Katorin: "And, no surprise, her mother's an absolute die-hard... c-word..."

Player: "Oh, dear."
Katorin: "So of course there's natural tension between Chelsea and her mother."
Katorin: "No problems with the father, though. Daniel's such a blast. A real ally, too."
Player: "That's nice."
Katorin: "Yeah, I'm sure Chelsea could tell you all day about how grateful she is to have her father."
Katorin: "He held her hand all the way through life, really."
Katorin: "She picked up his hands for incredible needlework, too."
Player: "Needlework?"
Katorin: "Daniel's a tailor. He used to be a substitute teacher for a while, too."
Player: "Huh. That's pretty neat."

We turn the corner and keep sauntering down Narock Boulevard.

Katorin: "They're just the sweetest anthros I've met in New Rollinsport."
Katorin: "A happy anthro-coyote father with his lovely trans daughter."
Player: "Chelsea's trans?"
Katorin: "Yeah. She transitioned when she was in kindergarten."
Player: "Huh. That's pretty cool; I had no idea."
Katorin: "Well, if the trans flag pin on her jacket didn't give it away a month ago..."
Player: "Hey, I was completely plastered thanks to someone."
Katorin: "You're welcome."

Katorin rolls her eyes and smirks.

Katorin: "But yeah..."
Player: "Well, let's hope Chelsea's mother doesn't come after her again."
Katorin: "I hope so, too."
Katorin: "And I'm sorry I dragged you into this instead of letting you go on your date."
Player: "To be fair, they haven't respon-"

I stop for a moment, interrupting my sentence. *They haven't responded...* Neither Chelsea nor Marty texted anyone within the past couple of days. And, given that Chelsea is transgender and what Ben told me, she answers to they/them, too. Huh... I dismiss the thought and finish the sentence.

Player: "They haven't responded."
Katorin: "That's unfortunate."
Player: "Well, I'm sure they'll get back to me at some point."
Player: "I guess I have to be the one to pick the places next time."
Katorin: "Ah, I'm sure it was an honest mistake."
Katorin: "They seem too invested into you to purposely not tell you anything."
Player: "Yeah. I'll call them later tonight."
Katorin: "That's a good idea."
Player: "And don't worry about tonight, Katorin."
Player: "As long as Chelsea's in a better state of mind, that's all that matters to me."
Katorin: "Well, [Player], thanks for helping me."

We arrive at Katorin's apartment building.

Katorin: "Well... this is where I get off. See ya, [Player]."
Player: "Alright. See you later, Katorin."

Katorin walks inside the building as I turn the corner and make my way back home. The thought I had just a moment ago creeps back into my mind. Are Marty and Chelsea related? I might be pulling at straws, but things seems to be lining up too well. I dismiss the thought again, realizing that Marty's going to have to reveal themselves at some point. Let's hope Marty responds to my texts later tonight.